Fix incorrect representation of BlockIdentifier (#1747)
casper-network/casper-node: node/CHANGELOG.md

* Shut down SSE event streams gracefully.
* Limit the maximum number of clients connected to the event stream server via the `[event_stream_server][max_concurrent_subscribers]` config option.
* Avoid emitting duplicate events in the event stream.

> * Incorrect representation of BlockIdentifier in the Open-RPC schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change `BlockIdentifier` params in the Open-RPC schema to be optional.
```

Author: Applied suggestion
